Greetings Aeromodelers!
Are you ready for some indoor flying?We'll be starting up at Glastonbury High School for another
great,fun season of indoor modeling. The first session of the season  will be on November 2. We have the normal two contests scheduled for this season in January and April with lots of flying opportunities.
 


A few notes are in order regarding our indoor flying. Our bank account is nearly drained. The town is charging us more money for each session. In order to compensate I've eliminated the October session and unfortunately, we have to raise the fee for flying.The flying fee for the season will be $75.00.The Glastonbury modelers relies on all of you to keep our indoor flying "in-the-green" . if you don't fly with us,donations are certainly accepted.You can pay at the first session or, if you wish to mail your payment,send it to:                                                                                                    Glastonbury models c/o John Koptonak 184 Mile Creek Road Old Lyme,CT 06371
 
If the weather ever looks iffy for a session, please contact me by email or phone the night before the session.Contact information can be found on the schedule page of this mailing.Remember that we are at the mercy of the town of Glastonbury and dates may be subject to change.Better to check than to drive an hour to find out the session was canceled!Don't risk the drive if driving conditions are poor.


I'm looking for volunteers to run ''mini-meets at the half-day sessions. These can be either/or          FAC or AMA events, or maybe something fun and new! I would prefer to stick to only one event per half-day session to help keep it no pressure fun.Mass launch,duration,racing....What ever you want to try!Kanones will be awarded for FAC mini-meet events.Contact me via email or phone to take a date and run a mini-meet for a session.


This year's Armstead Trophy model is Frank Scott' s FAC Trainer.All official flight will be ROG.Fly as many attempts as you like throughout the season!
1.  Build the plan!
2.  Japanese Tissue covering only and covering both sides.
3.   One piece plastic production prop of any size may be used.It may be shaved to be balanced but may not be cut down or unduly lightened.Remember prop clearance for ROG!
4.   Wheels may be your choice but they must maintain the diameter shown on the plans as a minimum.

plan on an ROG mass launch event at one of the contests.Judges decision is final.


The subject of indoor R/C should be mentioned.The Glastonbury modelers has a history as an indoor free flight club and intends to remain an indoor free flight club.NO INDOOR R/C. Pretty simple.Until further notice ,ONLY free flight models will be allowed to fly at Glastonbury High School during our sessions.We intend to continue to encourage and promote indoor free flight as the unique and challenging aspect of aeromodeling it represents.

Looking forward to seeing you all this coming indoor season.

John Koptonak
